{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green37\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8980\viewh17420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 StarWarsScroll Screen Saver v1.2.1
\b0\fs24 \
(c) 2005-12 Killer Robots\
http://www.killerrobots.com/screensavers/\
bachus@killerrobots.com\
\
===================\
  System Requirements\
===================\
\
* Mac OS X 10.7 or later\
* OpenGL compatible video card\
\
=========\
  Overview\
=========\
\
From a galaxy far, far away, Killer Robots is proud to present StarWarsScroll. StarWarsScroll is a screen saver which accurately recreates the opening titles of each of the six Star Wars movies. Can't find your Star Wars Blu-rays? Relive the experience through StarWarsScroll. \
\
==========\
  Installation\
==========\
\
Double-click "StarWarsScroll.saver" to have Mac OS X automatically install the screen saver. Alternatively, drag a copy of "StarWarsScroll.saver" to "~/Library/Screen Savers/" in your home directory to install a copy for you or "/Library/Screen Savers/" in the root directory to install a copy for all users on your system. You need administration access to install for all users. Select "StarWarsScroll" from the "Desktop & Screen Saver" module in the "System Preferences".\
\
=============\
  Adding Music\
=============\
\
Obviously no scroll is complete without music, but due to copyright reasons the official Star Wars music can not be included with the screen saver. However, if you have a copy of the Star Wars soundtrack, you can add your own copy of the music to complete the experience. \
\
First, buy one of the Star Wars soundtracks if you do not already own one. Any of the soundtracks will work, as they all include the Main Title, but A New Hope will work best. Convert the Main Title track to .mp3 and place the file in "~/Library/Application Support/StarWarsScroll/" in your home directory. If you're on OS X Lion or later, chance are your Library folder is hidden by default. Hold down the "option" key on the keyboard and open the "Go" menu in the Finder to easily get to the "Library" folder.\
\
Rename the file to "music.mp3". Launch "System Preferences" and select "StarWarsScroll" from the "Desktop & Screen Saver" module. Now when you click the "Options" button "Sound On" should no longer be grayed out. Simply select it and start the screen saver to revel in the total Star Wars experience. \
\
Of course, you don't have to use Star Wars music. StarWarsScroll will play any mp3 named "music.mp3" placed in "~/Library/Application Support/StarWarsScroll/". So if you wish to see what the scroll to "Attack of the Clones" looks like with "Hedwig's Theme" from Harry Potter, no one's going to stop you. \
\
==========\
  Donations\
==========\
\
Do you like our software? Would you like to see more? Please donate as much or as little as you like through PayPal. Transactions are secure and there are several methods of payment. Copy and paste the following link into your browser, or click the "Donate" button in the screen saver options. \
\
\cf2 https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_xclick&business=bachus%40killerrobots%2ecom&item_name=Killer%20Robots%20%2d%20StarWarsScroll%20Donation&no_shipping=1&cn=Comments%3f%20Suggestions%3f&tax=0&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF&charset=UTF%2d8\cf0 \
\
========\
  Options\
========\
\
Click the "Options" button in the "Desktop & Screen Saver" module in the "System Preferences" to bring up the options window. There you can select your various preferences. There's also a donate button that will take you to PayPal if you're feeling generous. \
\
- Sound On (if available) - Toggles the music on and off.\
- Random Order - Switches between random play order and numerical play order.\
- Enabled Scrolls - Select which scrolls you wish to be displayed.\
- Donate - Winter is coming, and we're oh so cold. \
\
=============\
 Version History\
=============\
\
v 1.2.1 August 28, 2012\
	- Fixed a bug that would crash System Preferences randomly if \
		StarWarsScroll was running in the preview window.\
\
v 1.2 August 26, 2012\
	- 27 new scrolls from the expanded Star Wars universe and semi-related\
		properties, including the original 1977 scroll. \
	- Modern OS X support.\
	- Signed with Developer ID for Gatekeeper on OS X Mountain Lion.\
	- Support for retina displays with new higher resolution textures.\
	- Greatly improved font, color, and letter spacing accuracy.\
	- New font drawing method (see above accuracy increase).\
	- Fixed a bug with textures not loading properly.\
	- Removed low-quality texture and main monitor only options, as they're\
		no longer needed.\
	- Added Mountain Lion thumbnails.\
\
v 1.1.2 September 7, 2009\
	- Fixed a crashing bug with Intel computers on OS X 10.5.\
	- Added support for OS X 10.4 with Intel computers.\
\
v 1.1.1 September 2, 2009\
	- Added Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard support.\
	- Updated QuickTime code and reduced stuttering on music startup. \
\
v1.1 6/9/2006\
	- Converted to Universal Binary for use on Intel Macs.\
	- Fixed it so only the main monitor plays music.\
	- Added "Main Monitor Only" button to the options.\
	- Fixed the aspect ratio code. Should now look right no matter the\
		monitor/window size.\
	- Improved star field.\
	- Fixed a potential freezing bug. \
\
v1.0 10/31/2005\
	- Initial release.\
\
\
\
\
\
}