{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9200\viewh11620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\fs24 \cf0 =============\
  Adding Music\
=============\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 Obviously no scroll is complete without music, but due to copyright reasons the official Star Wars music can not be included with the screen saver. However, if you have a copy of the Star Wars soundtrack, you can add your own copy of the music to complete the experience. \
\
First, buy one of the Star Wars soundtracks if you do not already own one. Any of the soundtracks will work, as they all include the Main Title, but A New Hope will work best. Convert the Main Title track to .mp3 and place the file in "~/Library/Application Support/StarWarsScroll/" in your home directory. If you're on OS X Lion or later, chance are your Library folder is hidden by default. Hold down the "option" key on the keyboard and open the "Go" menu in the Finder to easily get to the "Library" folder.\
\
Rename the file to "music.mp3". Launch "System Preferences" and select "StarWarsScroll" from the "Desktop & Screen Saver" module. Now when you click the "Options" button "Sound On" should no longer be grayed out. Simply select it and start the screen saver to revel in the total Star Wars experience. \
\
Of course, you don't have to use Star Wars music. StarWarsScroll will play any mp3 named "music.mp3" placed in "~/Library/Application Support/StarWarsScroll/". So if you wish to see what the scroll to "Attack of the Clones" looks like with "Hedwig's Theme" from Harry Potter, no one's going to stop you. }